SAGE BELKNAP SOFTWARE ENGINEER​ Salt Lake City, UT, United States of America Email: its.sagebelknap@gmail.com LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/sagebelknap Phone: 801-694-8952 GitHub: github.com/8bllgrl PROFESSIONAL OVERVIEW Experienced Back-End Software Engineer specializing in Fintech solutions, with a focus on designing and optimizing secure, scalable systems for financial institutions. Expertise in transitioning legacy systems to REST APIs and microservices architecture. Proficient in ensuring SOC 2 compliance and automating deployments using Jenkins and Docker. Alongside professional work experience, this applicant has demonstrated strong dedication and proactive learning skills by independently acquiring knowledge in Python, C#, and Angular outside professional responsibilities. WORK EXPERIENCE BACK-END JAVA SOFTWARE ENGINEER ​ 2023 – 2025 FLEX Credit Union Technology, Sandy UT ●​ Actively sought and responded to customer feedback to improve backend processes and features, ensuring backend systems continually evolved to meet user satisfaction. ●​ Faced tough problems head-on like data migration and large-scale system refactoring, taking them as opportunities to improve backend infrastructure and deliver better solutions and to build features that align with customers’ needs. ●​ Collaborated extensively in high-impact, cross team-based projects, working cohesively with front-end developers to solve multifaceted problems and deliver robust solutions with strong interpersonal and communication skills. ●​ Adapted quickly to a fast-paced DevOps development cycle, ensuring backend systems were optimized and delivered on time for every project phase. ●​ Mentored new team members through pair programming and code reviews, ensuring they gained confidence inworking with Java, Spring Boot, and database integrations. CONTINUED EXPERIENCE POSTGRESQL & SPRING BOOT WEB APPLICATION FULL-STACK PROJECT ​ 2025 ●​ Designed and built a three-tier application: processed CSV data into PostgreSQL using a parser, deployed a Java Spring Boot RESTful API for backend functionality, and developed a Python Flask interface to visualize API responses. ●​ Implemented a Python-based CSV parser to automate data ingestion into PostgreSQL, enhancing database organization and streamlining the import of large data sets with testing for 100% data accuracy. ANGULAR WEBSITE CLONE – PIXIV ​ 2025 ●​ Implemented Angular components using TypeScript, ensuring modularity and reusability across different sections of the website hosted on GitHub pages, open to public viewing world-wide. ●​ Strengthened proficiency in front-end frameworks by applying Angular’s core features (routing, services, and state management) to replicate a functional web application. C# UNITY VIDEO GAME MOD ​ 2025 ●​ Actively responded to user feedback to improve the mod’s performance and features, incorporating user feedback to fine-tune gameplay mechanics, resulting in a higher level of user satisfaction. Over 570+ unique downloads. EDUCATION​ CS – JAVA DEVELOPMENT | Kenzie Academy SNHU​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Manchester, NH (Remote)| 2022 ●​ Selected for and completed a software development program sponsored by Amazon, gaining hands-on experience in Java programming and application development, using Git for version control. SKILLS​ RESTful APIs, TypeScript/Javascript, PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQL, Flask, Python, CI/CD, DevOps, Spring Boot, Java, Angular, C#SAGE BELKNAP SOFTWARE ENGINEER​ Salt Lake City, UT, United States of America Email: its.sagebelknap@gmail.com LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/sagebelknap Phone: 801-694-8952 GitHub: github.com/8bllgrl PROFESSIONAL OVERVIEW Experienced Back-End Software Engineer specializing in Fintech solutions, with a focus on designing and optimizing secure, scalable systems for financial institutions. Expertise in transitioning legacy systems to REST APIs and microservices architecture. Proficient in ensuring SOC 2 compliance and automating deployments using Jenkins and Docker. Alongside professional work experience, this applicant has demonstrated strong dedication and proactive learning skills by independently acquiring knowledge in Python, C#, and Angular outside professional responsibilities. WORK EXPERIENCE BACK-END JAVA SOFTWARE ENGINEER ​ 2023 – 2025 FLEX Credit Union Technology, Sandy UT ●​ Actively sought and responded to customer feedback to improve backend processes and features, ensuring backend systems continually evolved to meet user satisfaction. ●​ Faced tough problems head-on like data migration and large-scale system refactoring, taking them as opportunities to improve backend infrastructure and deliver better solutions and to build features that align with customers’ needs. ●​ Collaborated extensively in high-impact, cross team-based projects, working cohesively with front-end developers to solve multifaceted problems and deliver robust solutions with strong interpersonal and communication skills. ●​ Adapted quickly to a fast-paced DevOps development cycle, ensuring backend systems were optimized and delivered on time for every project phase. ●​ Mentored new team members through pair programming and code reviews, ensuring they gained confidence inworking with Java, Spring Boot, and database integrations. CONTINUED EXPERIENCE POSTGRESQL & SPRING BOOT WEB APPLICATION FULL-STACK PROJECT ​ 2025 ●​ Designed and built a three-tier application: processed CSV data into PostgreSQL using a parser, deployed a Java Spring Boot RESTful API for backend functionality, and developed a Python Flask interface to visualize API responses. ●​ Implemented a Python-based CSV parser to automate data ingestion into PostgreSQL, enhancing database organization and streamlining the import of large data sets with testing for 100% data accuracy. ANGULAR WEBSITE CLONE – PIXIV ​ 2025 ●​ Implemented Angular components using TypeScript, ensuring modularity and reusability across different sections of the website hosted on GitHub pages, open to public viewing world-wide. ●​ Strengthened proficiency in front-end frameworks by applying Angular’s core features (routing, services, and state management) to replicate a functional web application. C# UNITY VIDEO GAME MOD ​ 2025 ●​ Actively responded to user feedback to improve the mod’s performance and features, incorporating user feedback to fine-tune gameplay mechanics, resulting in a higher level of user satisfaction. Over 570+ unique downloads. EDUCATION​ CS – JAVA DEVELOPMENT | Kenzie Academy SNHU​ ​ ​ ​ ​ Manchester, NH (Remote)| 2022 ●​ Selected for and completed a software development program sponsored by Amazon, gaining hands-on experience in Java programming and application development, using Git for version control. SKILLS​ RESTful APIs, TypeScript/Javascript, PostgreSQL, MySQL, SQL, Flask, Python, CI/CD, DevOps, Spring Boot, Java, Angular, C#